[ADD] social marketing: added social marketing documentation to v14 (#2554)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/marketing/social_marketing/essentials/social_essentials.rst

   .. tab:: Pivot view

      The *pivot* view option provides a fully customizable grid table, where different measures of
      data can be added and analyzed.

      .. image:: social_essentials/pivot-view.png
         :align: center
         :alt: View of the pivot option on the posts page in Odoo Social Marketing.

      The pivot view option provides numerous analytical options, allowing for in-depth, detailed
      analysis of various posts.

      Click on any :guilabel:`+` (plus sign) next to a line in the pivot table to reveal more metric
      options to add to the grid.

      While in the pivot view, the option to *Insert in Spreadsheet* is available, located to the
      right of the *Measures* drop-down.

      When clicked, a pop-up appears, where the option to add this information to a current
      spreadsheet is available. The option to create a new spreadsheet for this information
      on-the-fly is also available in this pop-up, as well.

      Next to the *Insert in Spreadsheet* are three view options, specific to the pivot view.

      From left to right, the options are:

      - *Flip Axis*, which switches the 'X' and 'Y' axis in the grid table.

>       - *Expand All*, which expands each line in the grid, revealing more detailed information

Author: Great call!

   account, click on :guilabel:`Insights`.

   .. image:: social_essentials/insights.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The insights link that can be accessed for each social media stream added in Odoo.

Create and publish social media posts in Odoo
=============================================

There are multiple ways to create content for social media accounts in the *Social Marketing*
application.

From the main :menuselection:`Social Marketing` dashboard, click :guilabel:`New Post`. Or, while in
the :menuselection:`Social Marketing` app, click :menuselection:`Posts --> Create`.

Either route reveals a blank post template page that can be customized and configured in a number
of different ways.

.. image:: social_essentials/social-create-post.png
   :align: center
   :alt: How to create a social media post directly through Odoo

Post template
-------------

The post template page has many different options avaiable.

'Your Post' section
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The first option is the :guilabel:`Post on` field. This is where it's determined on what social
media account(s), or on which website(s) via push notification, this post will be published.

> .. important::
>    In order for the :guilabel:`Push Notification` option to appear, make sure the :guilabel:`Enable
>    Web Push Notifications` feature is enabled in the *Website* app. To do that, navigate to
>    :menuselection:`Website --> Configuration --> Settings`, activate :guilabel:`Enable Web Push
>    Notifications`, fill out the corresponding fields, and click :guilabel:`Save`.

Reviewer: guilabel vs. italics use
```suggestion
.. important::
   In order for the :guilabel:`Push Notification` option to appear, make sure the *Enable Web Push
   Notifications* feature is enabled in the *Website* app. To do that, navigate to
   :menuselection:`Website --> Configuration --> Settings`, activate :guilabel:`Enable Web Push
   Notifications`, fill out the corresponding fields, and click :guilabel:`Save`.
```

Odoo automatically provides every available social media account that's been linked to the database
as an option in this section, as well.

.. note::
   If a social media account hasn't been added as a stream to the *Social Marketing* application, it
   will not appear as an option on the post template.

Next, there's the :guilabel:`Message` field. This is where the main content of the post is created.

Type the desired message for the post in this field. To the right, as the :guilabel:`Message` field
is populated, Odoo displays visual samples of how the post will look on all the previously selected
social media accounts from the :guilabel:`Post on` field above.

> .. tip::
>    Emojis can also be added directly to the text in the :guilabel:`Message` field. Just click the
>    "smiley face" icon, located on the line of the :guilabel:`Message` field to the far right.
>    Clicking that "smiley face" icon reveals a drop-down containing numerous emojis to choose from.

Reviewer: Good block. Would just guilabel the icon 😉 
```suggestion
.. tip::
   Emojis can also be added directly to the text in the :guilabel:`Message` field. Just click the
   :guilabel:`emoji (smiley face) icon`, located on the line of the :guilabel:`Message` field to the
   far right. Clicking this icon reveals a drop-down containing numerous emojis to choose from.
```

If images are to be used in the post, click the :guilabel:`ATTACH IMAGES` link beneath the
:guilabel:`Message` field, and Odoo reveals a pop-up window. In this pop-up, the desired image must
be chosen, and then uploaded.

A preview of the entire post, text and image (if applicable), is instantly displayed in the visual
preview of the post.

Next, there's the option to attach this post to a specific marketing campaign in the database in
the :guilabel:`Campaign` field. Click the blank line next to :guilabel:`Campaign` to reveal the
previously configured campaigns to choose from.

> .. tip::
>    A new campaign can be created on-the-fly, as well, by typing the name of the new campaign on the
>    blank :guilabel:`Campaign` field, and selecting :guilabel:`Create` from the drop-down. Or, select
>    :guilabel:`Create and edit` from the drop-down to further customize that newly-created campaign.

Reviewer: Remove colloquialism.
Add slightly more specificity around the type of menu (i.e., field vs main vs. header menu).
```suggestion
.. tip::
   A new campaign can be created, as well, by typing the name of the new campaign on the blank
   :guilabel:`Campaign` field, and selecting :guilabel:`Create` from the drop-down field menu. Or,
   select :guilabel:`Create and edit` from the menu to further customize that newly-created
   campaign.
```

.. note::
   A social post does *not* need to be attached to a campaign.

Then, in the :guilabel:`When` field, choose either :guilabel:`Send Now` to have Odoo publish the
post immediately, or :guilabel:`Schedule later` to have Odoo publish the post at a later date and
time.

If :guilabel:`Schedule later` is selected, Odoo reveals a new field beneath it (the
:guilabel:`Scheduled post date` field). Clicking that empty field reveals a pop-up calendar, in
which a future date and time is designated. At which time, Odoo will promptly publish the post on
the pre-determined social media accounts.

Click on the desired date to schedule the post for that day. Then, either select and customize
the default time in the :guilabel:`Scheduled post date` field manually. Or, adjust the desired post

> time, by clicking the **clock icon** located on the calendar pop-up, and choose the desired time for
> Odoo to publish this post on that future date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
time, by clicking the :guilabel:`scheduling (clock) icon` located on the calendar pop-up, and choose
the desired time for Odoo to publish this post on that future date.
```

If scheduling a post, remember to hit :guilabel:`Schedule` in the upper left of the post template.
Doing so, locks in that specific date/time for Odoo to send the post, and it changes the status of

> the post to :guilabel:`Scheduled`, which will be discussed later on in this documentation, in the
> :guilabel:`Social post status bar` section.

Reviewer: The last part of the sentence mixes up the subject(s) of the sentence, so we can remove it.

```suggestion
the post to :guilabel:`Scheduled`.
```

   post page. Each one offers up a detailed anaylsis of the corresponding metric (e.g.
   :guilabel:`Leads`, :guilabel:`Revenues`, etc.). These same smart buttons appear when a post is
   officially published, as well.

'Web Notification Options' section
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If any :guilabel:`Push Notifications` are selected in the :guilabel:`Post on` field, Odoo provides
another section of settings/options at the bottom of the post template. It should be noted that
*none* of these fields are required.

The first field is for a :guilabel:`Push Notification Title`. This is text that is displayed as the
title of the push notification whenever it's sent. Odoo displays a visual preview of this title, if
one is created.

To designate a specific page on the website that should trigger this push notification, enter that
page's URL in the :guilabel:`Push Target URL` field. Then, once a visitor reaches that specific
page, Odoo will display the push notification.

Below that field is the option to add a custom :guilabel:`Push Icon Image`. This is an icon that
appears beside the push notification. By default, Odoo uses a "smiley face" as the icon.

> To upload a new image, click the :guilabel:`Edit` icon, displayed as a **pencil** when the
> :guilabel:`Push Icon Image` field is hovered over with the cursor. Then, proceed to locate and
> upload the desired image, and Odoo automatically displays a preview of how the icon will appear on
> the push notification.

Reviewer: guilabel formatting
```suggestion
To upload a new image, click the :guilabel:`Edit (pencil) icon` when the :guilabel:`Push Icon Image`
field is hovered over with the cursor. Then, proceed to locate and upload the desired image, and
Odoo automatically displays a preview of how the icon will appear on the push notification.
```

-----------------------------------------

When all the modifications have been made, and the post is completed, either click :guilabel:`Save`
to save the post as a *Draft*. Or, if the post is ready to be published immediately, click
:guilabel:`Post`, and Odoo automatically publishes the post on the pre-determined social media
accounts.

There is also the option to :guilabel:`Test Notification`, if a :guilabel:`Push Notification` was
selected in the :guilabel:`Post on` field. Clicking that, provides a quick example of how the
notification will appear for visitors.

Social post status bar
----------------------

In the top-right of the :guilabel:`Post Template` page is the :guilabel:`Status Bar`. This displays
the current status of the post.

When :guilabel:`Save` is clicked, the post is in the *Draft* status.

If the post is scheduled to be sent at a future date/time, and the :guilabel:`Schedule` button has
been clicked, the status of the post is *Scheduled*.

If the post is in the process of currently being published or sent, the status of the post is
*Posting*. And, lastly, if the post has already been published or sent, the status is *Posted*.

> 'Posts' page
> ============

Reviewer: Apostrophes aren't needed?
```suggestion
Posts page
==========
```

      planned day, week, or month, and Odoo displays all drafted, scheduled, and published posts.

      .. image:: social_essentials/calendar-view.png
         :align: center
         :alt: Example of the calendar view in Odoo Social Marketing.

   .. tab:: List view

      The list view option is similar to the kanban option, but instead of individual blocks, all
      the post information is displayed in a clear, list layout. Each line of the list displays the
      :guilabel:`Social Accounts`, :guilabel:`Message`, and :guilabel:`Status` of every post.

      .. image:: social_essentials/list-view.png
         :align: center
         :alt: View of the list option on the posts page in Odoo Social Marketing.

   .. tab:: Pivot view

      The pivot view option provides a fully customizable grid table, where different measures of
      data can be added and analyzed.

      .. image:: social_essentials/pivot-view.png
         :align: center
         :alt: View of the pivot option on the posts page in Odoo Social Marketing.

      The pivot view option provides numerous analytical options, allowing for in-depth, detailed
      analysis of various posts.

>       Click on any **+ (plus sign)** next to a line in the pivot table to reveal more metric options
>       to add to the grid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Click on any :guilabel:`+ (plus sign) icon` next to a line in the pivot table to reveal more metric
      options to add to the grid.
```

      While in the pivot view, the option to :guilabel:`Insert in Spreadsheet` is available, located
      to the right of the :guilabel:`Measures` drop-down.

      When clicked, a pop-up appears, where the option to add this information to a current
      spreadsheet is available. The option to create a new spreadsheet for this information
      on-the-fly is also available in this pop-up, as well.

      Next to the :guilabel:`Insert in Spreadsheet` are three view options, specific to the pivot
      view.

      From left to right, the options are:

>       - :guilabel:`Flip Axis`, which switches the 'X' and 'Y' axis in the grid table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - :guilabel:`Flip Axis`, which switches the *X* and *Y* axis in the grid table.
```

      - :guilabel:`Expand All`, which expands each line in the grid, revealing more detailed
        information related to it.
      - :guilabel:`Download`, which, when clicked, instantly downloads the pivot table as a
        spreadsheet.

Visitors
========

To see a complete overview of all the people who have visited the website(s) connected to the

> database, click :menuselection:`Visitors` in the header menu of the *Social Marketing* app.

Reviewer: Force the tag
```suggestion
database, navigate to :menuselection:`Social Marketing --> Visitors` in the header menu.
```

=================

Go to :menuselection:`Configuration --> Social Media` to see a collection of all social media
options: :guilabel:`Facebook`, :guilabel:`LinkedIn`, :guilabel:`Twitter`, and :guilabel:`Push
Notifications`.

.. image:: social_essentials/social-media-page.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the social media page in the Odoo Social Marketing application.

If no account has been linked to any particular social media, click :guilabel:`Link Account` to
proceed through the linking process.

Social accounts page
====================

To see a list of all social accounts linked to the database, go to :menuselection:`Configuration -->
Social Accounts`. This page will display the :guilabel:`Medium Name` and the :guilabel:`Social
Media` platform it is associated with.

.. image:: social_essentials/social-accounts-page.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the social accounts page in the Odoo Social Marketing application.

To edit/modify any social accounts, simply select the desired account from the list on this page,
and proceed to make any adjustments necessary. Don't forget to hit :guilabel:`Save` to secure any
changes.

Social streams page
===================

> Navigate to :menuselection:`Configuration --> Social Streams` reveals a separate page containing all
> the social media streams that have been added to the main dashboard of the *Social Marketing* app,
> accessible via the :guilabel:`Feed` option in the header menu.

Reviewer: Grammar
```suggestion
Navigate to :menuselection:`Configuration --> Social Streams` to reveal a separate page containing
all of the social media streams that have been added to the main dashboard of the *Social Marketing*
app, accessible via the :guilabel:`Feed` option in the header menu.
```
